🛂(cli) use github token to avoid rate limiting (#782)
openfun/arnold: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

### Added

> - Use Gitlab token when call the Github's API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use GitHub token to call Github's API when the `GITHUB_TOKEN` environment variable is defined
```
